Test cases / Test Specification:

Definition : Step by step procedure to test a feature which gives all possible scenarios for one particular requirement is called as ‘Test Case’.
- Test case will be very brief and detailed consisting of all the navigation steps.
- Test case consist of header , body and footer.

What are the qualities of good test cases / what are the characteristics of good test cases:
1.	Test case coverage should be good .
2.	Test case coverage should be good with less number of steps.
3.	Test case should be simple to understand.
4.	The flow or sequence of test case should be good.
5.	Test case should be written by applying test case design techniques.
6.	Test case should consist of both positive and negative scenarios.
7.	Test case should be written in test case template.
8.	If test case is given to any test engineer he should be able to execute test cases without asking any questions.
9.	Test case should not have any duplicate.
10.	Test case should be able to catch defects.
11.	Test cases should be easy to convert into automation script.

Review Ethics:
1.	Review the content not the author.
2.	While reviewing test cases reviewer should spend more time in finding mistakes in the test cases not in giving the solution.
3.	Once after review is completed and if TL or customer finds any mistakes in test cases then both reviewer and authors are responsible.
On what basis TL identify the reviewers:
1.	One who is having very good product knowledge.
2.	One who is working on the same requirement
3.	TL can assign test  cases to any TE and can ask them to look into requirement learn the requirement and review the test cases.
What mistakes TE will find while reviewing test cases?
1.	We will find wrong scenarios , missing scenarios and duplicate scenarios
2.	Check whether test case coverage is good or not.
3.	Check whether test case flow is consistent or not.
4.	Check whether test cases are written by applying testcase design techniques or not.
5.	Check whether test cases are written in test case template or not.
6.	Check whether test case is simple to understand or not.
7.	Check for the spelling mistakes and sentence formation by looking into the body of test case.
8.	Chance are there when TE copy paste the test cases we might forget to change the header, to check whether header is relevant or not.
9.	Check whether in the header all the attribute / fields are present or not.
10.	Check whether in the header all the attributes are having proper data or not.
11.	By looking into the body of the test case check whether every step , input and expected result is correct or not.
12.	Check whether footer is having all the attributes with proper data or not.

How do you convince your manager or customer stating test coverage is good?

1.	I have written my test cases by applying test case design techniques so my test coverage is good.
2.	I have conducted brain storming meeting after writing test scenarios so my coverage is good.
3.	I have got my test cases reviewed from other senior and junior test engineer so my test coverage is good.
4.	I have written my test cases by following procedure to write test cases method.
5.	I have prepared traceability matrix and ensured that each and every req. has got at least one test case so my test coverage is good.
6.	I have written test cases for ad-hoc scenarios so my test coverage is good.
7.	I have spent more time in doing system study and because of that I got very good product knowledge and this helped me to write more no. of test cases.
8.	While executing test case if you come up with any scenarios and if it is not present in test case I will update so my test coverage will good.

Walk through:
	It is a meeting where in test engineer will explain test scenarios and test cases to entire testing team get the inputs and update the test case document. This is called walkthrough meeting.




